three boys I think it's great to be
someone is in Holland you come in my
benefit there because it's my own
country that I call about I know this
location and the people around me people
know my stylist on the music on beats
you know original moves I got my own
flavor
you
it's very nice to be at the Red Bull
again defending my title from portugal v
boy
I prepared myself I think I'm ready I
just need to have fun and yeah I bring
my style on the stage special invite
friends before Johnny we are this top
sixteen in Europe so y'all can into the
oil
cyber friend
focus on what I have to do I know I have
good just like every hv boy so no I
don't think about it I'm not playing not
acting its own battle is very natural
and maybe a shower when I go out from
the bottom that during the battle it's
natural it come out like this you know i
can I can get them applause the top 60
people from Western Europe come on
one of the most important event in
breaking now red bow is the only one
brand who really pushed the break into
the next level
like the on stage you know its
atmosphere see all the people this one's
more like a sport you know a hot spot
and this is how I live we're dancing as
a sport really like it I'm more nervous
about me than the bag the other people
you know I know that if I do my job well
I'm gonna do it that if I mess tonight
for sure I can't win in this level
everything goes on small thing you know
they are not here from a joke you know
if they're here this this is because
they work hard so this is not only young
divorce or what now this is very very
good
Oh
will be the winner
of the rest of European qualifier
very exciting it's crazy to it this year
I thought I was not on a good shape for
this year but I finally did